{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u24555 \u31359 \u20043 \u27178 \u34892 \u38712 \u36947 \
\
\
\uc0\u21457 \u24067 13\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 \uc0\u24555 \u31359 \u20043 \u27178 \u34892  12\'9720\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 Chapter 12: The Arrogant and Domineering Young Lady (Part 3)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 Lan Shengmei and He Yizhou are dating!!!\
Really, Lan Shengmei personally confirmed their relationship!!!\
It all started when An Cui suddenly got up during the third class break in the afternoon and walked straight to Class 2 next door, heading directly towards He Yizhou, who was chatting and laughing with his classmates.\
The entire class fell silent, and a large crowd of onlookers in the hallway curiously watched the scene unfold.\
An Cui asked him, \'93I heard that you like me?\'94\
He Yizhou\'92s expression froze. He never expected her to come over so directly and ask this in front of so many people. If he said he didn\'92t like her, those girls would swarm around him again. If he said he did, who knew what this Lan Shengmei\'97who supposedly went mad this morning and stuffed a dead rat into someone\'92s mouth\'97would do next?\
\'93What? Could it be that you were just using me as a shield?\'94 An Cui\'92s lips curled into an arrogant yet insincere smile, looking dangerously unpredictable.\
\'93No\'85\'94 He Yizhou forced a gentle yet sorrowful smile. \'93This is my own business, please don\'92t mind it.\'94\
It sounded as if he was saying, 
\f3\i Whether I like you or not is my own concern, you don\'92t need to care.
\f2\i0  A vague, ambiguous answer.\
However, An Cui simply nodded. \'93So, you\'92re really secretly in love with me, huh?\'94\
He Yizhou: \'93\'85\'85\'94\
\'93Alright, from today on, you\'92re my boyfriend.\'94\
He Yizhou: \'93\'85\'85\'94\
An Cui: \'93Don\'92t forget to line up for my lunch at noon. I want sweet and sour pork ribs.\'94\
He Yizhou: \'93\'85\'85\'94\
At noon, An Cui went to the cafeteria with her newly acquired 
\f3\i boyfriend by coercion
\f2\i0 . She sent him off to get her food while she went to find a seat.\
After this morning\'92s incident, An Cui\'92s name had spread throughout the entire First High School. News of her true identity as the young lady of the Lan family had also circulated. The moment she entered the cafeteria, the students all turned to look at her, even those on the second floor peering down from the railing.\
The second floor was noticeably less crowded and much quieter. As in every noble school depicted in novels, First High also had a designated VIP area. The second floor was reserved for the few students from prestigious families, and ordinary students who weren\'92t part of that circle were not allowed to enter.\
Although Lan Shengmei\'92s family background qualified her to be there, she had always stayed away from the school\'92s aristocratic social circles. Moreover, she had a down-to-earth personality and disliked privilege, so she had never set foot on the second floor.\
An Cui, however, was different. If she had privileges, why not use them? Just like how she had no qualms about whipping Lan Shuhua\'97because she knew that her grandparents were biased toward her, and even if she hit Lan Shuhua, there would be no consequences.\
So, An Cui went upstairs. The central group on the second floor, who had been laughing and chatting, all turned to look at her. Among them was Lan Shuhua, since most of the students from the wealthiest families happened to be in the first-year cohort. When Lan Shuhua saw An Cui, her face immediately turned sour.\
The seating on the second floor was also different. Those in the central circle sat on plush, comfortable sofas, while the other tables had regular cushioned chairs. Clearly, the second floor had its own hierarchy as well.\
An Cui, determined to stay in character as an arrogant, self-centered young lady, was not about to settle for less. She walked straight toward the central group.\
Lan Shuhua was furious. \'93What are you doing here?\'94\
Ignoring her, An Cui\'92s gaze landed on a boy, and she naturally commanded, \'93Move.\'94\
The boy\'92s family background wasn\'92t as strong as the Lan family\'92s, but he was clearly smooth in social situations. Without hesitation, he stood up and fawningly said, \'93Miss, please have a seat! What brings you up here today?\'94\
An Cui neither sat down nor acknowledged his words. Instead, her gaze swept across the others sitting on the long sofa. They looked a little embarrassed at first but, under her stare, hesitantly stood up one by one.\
Only then did An Cui sit down, claiming the entire long sofa for herself, making it clear that no one else was allowed to sit there.\
Then she finally responded to the initial question, \'93I felt like coming up here, so I did. What? I\'92m not allowed?\'94\
\'93Lan Shengmei, what\'92s wrong with you? Do you even know anyone here? Isn\'92t this awkward for you?\'94 Lan Shuhua shouted.\
An Cui raised her eyelashes slightly, casting a cold glance at her. \'93Do you want another whipping?\'94\
Lan Shuhua\'92s face turned all shades of red and green. \'93T-That doesn\'92t mean you can be so domineering! Why won\'92t you let anyone else sit?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t like sharing a sofa with others,\'94 An Cui stated matter-of-factly, her lips curling into a smirk that was both arrogant and mischievous, making her seem downright wicked.\
She turned to the students around her and said, \'93Don\'92t mind me. I\'92m just here to eat. You can keep chatting, just don\'92t be too loud. If my presence bothers you, move elsewhere. Be good, don\'92t make me waste my breath.\'94\
\'93An Ran, look at this\'85\'94 Lan Shuhua and the others turned to their 
\f3\i leader
\f2\i0 , An Ran. As the only young master who could rival the Lan family\'92s eldest daughter, he was their last hope.\
An Ran was lounging in a single-seat sofa, sipping bubble tea. Under the expectant gazes of his peers, he simply said, \'93Since she said so, just listen.\'94\
With An Ran\'92s words, what else could they do? Besides, he clearly wasn\'92t planning to move, so they had no choice but to endure. The previously cheerful and lively dining table fell into complete silence.\
When He Yizhou arrived with An Cui\'92s lunch, he was met with the sight of her sitting like a queen on the long sofa, while the once-arrogant school elites were squeezed together on another sofa, looking utterly miserable\'97like a group of poor souls being bullied by a tyrant.\
He Yizhou: \'93\'85\'85\'94 Why did he suddenly feel a sense of balance in his heart?\
An Cui, who had refused to let anyone else sit beside her, made an exception for her 
\f3\i boyfriend in name but servant in reality
\f2\i0 , granting him a seat next to her.\
An Ran glanced up at He Yizhou, then at An Cui, who was elegantly eating her meal. He frowned slightly and muttered under his breath, \'93Tsk.\'94\
Fully embracing her new persona as an arrogant and domineering young lady, An Cui was wreaking havoc wherever she went. In just a few days, she had become the number one school bully. Only An Ran in the first year could stand against her. The students all believed that An Cui had been deeply affected by the private child scandal, leading to her rebellious transformation. She was no longer the gentle and approachable young lady of the past. Anyone who dared provoke her had better be prepared to be crushed.\
And at that moment, her father finally returned\'97with the male lead, Lan Shengzhe.\
\
============\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Chapter 13: The Arrogant and Domineering Young Lady (Part 4)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 When the butler informed her that her father had returned with his illegitimate son, An Cui was riding her horse. Recently, she had become quite enamored with equestrian sports, and the black stallion, Caesar, had become her new favorite. Originally a purebred racehorse purchased by her third uncle from England, he had gifted it to An Cui the moment he saw how much she liked it. From that day on, Caesar became her exclusive mount\'97no one else in the family was allowed to ride him.\
\'93I understand,\'94 An Cui responded to the butler, but instead of heading to the front hall to meet her father and half-brother, she cracked the whip and urged Caesar into another gallop, showing no intention of changing course.\
The butler sighed and returned to the front hall to report to the master and madam of the house. The two elderly figures, who doted on their eldest granddaughter, could only sigh in turn and wave their hands dismissively. "Forget it, forget it," they said. Their beloved granddaughter had grown rebellious\'97but at least she hadn\'92t abandoned her studies like those delinquent girls who ran wild all day. In their eyes, their sweet, kind granddaughter merely had a bit of a temper and liked to push people around sometimes. But to them, she remained as affectionate as ever and was still someone worth cherishing.\
However, the warmth in their gazes turned cold and indifferent when they looked at the frail young boy before them.\
Lan Shengzhe was two years younger than An Cui, which made him fifteen\'97the same age as Lan Shuhua. Before being brought to the Lan family, he had lived a harsh life with his mother. After her death, he was sent to live under someone else\'92s roof, where he endured hunger, hard labor, and malnourishment. As a result, he was unusually thin and even shorter than most boys his age.\
Now, the frail boy in his faded clothes stood in the opulent hall, surrounded by people dressed in luxurious silks, exuding an air and presence utterly different from his own. He could feel their scrutiny\'97none of it particularly friendly. Nervously, he clenched his hands, his eyes filled with timidity and harmlessness.\
"He does look rather handsome," Lan Shuhua commented after sizing him up for a while. "No wonder his mother managed to be a mistress." She had come with her parents to watch the spectacle, but it was a shame An Cui wasn\'92t here. She would have loved to see her reaction.\
Her voice was loud and clear, ensuring that Lan Shengzhe heard every word. The boy lowered his head in humiliation.\
"Alright, we\'92ve seen him now," the grandmother said. "Butler, take him to his room. Let him wash up and change his clothes."\
"Yes, madam. This way, Young Master Shengzhe."\
The butler led Lan Shengzhe upstairs.\
"Mom, is he Sister Shengmei\'92s brother?"\
"Sort of."\
"Then should I respect him the way I respect Sister Shengmei?"\
"What nonsense! He\'92s just an illegitimate child. Why would you need to respect him?"\
"\'85Oh."\
Lan Shengzhe listened to their conversation behind him\'97voices that made no effort to lower in his presence. He dropped his head, his too-long bangs casting a shadow over his eyes, concealing the storm of resentment brewing within them.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Illegitimate child\'85 Illegitimate child\'85
\f2\b0 \
So what? Who was the one responsible for his mother\'92s pregnancy? He had never wanted to return. His mother had taken him far away, but some people were determined to push them to the brink. He still remembered how that hypocritical woman had come to see his mother years ago\'97and how his mother had sobbed so desperately afterward.\
He would have his revenge. Everything they owed him and his mother\'97he would take it all back.\
It was a pity, really. That woman had died a year ago.\
But that was fine.\
She had left behind a daughter.\

\f1\b Lan Shengmei.
\f2\b0 \
The room he was given was merely a guest room, far smaller than any of the main bedrooms. After changing into clean clothes, he heard a servant call for him.\
"The young lady has asked for you in the back courtyard."\
Here it comes. Lan Shengzhe thought to himself. He had heard that this girl resembled his mother. If that were true, then she was likely just as hypocritical\'97speaking softly with a gentle smile, all the while sinking daggers into people\'92s hearts.\
He followed the servant to the back courtyard.\
It was vast\'97so vast that standing there, one couldn\'92t see the end of the greenery. Lush grass stretched endlessly, interspersed with vibrant flower beds in full bloom.\
He waited there for a long time, but An Cui did not appear. He remained expressionless, but inwardly, he sneered.\
See? It had begun. She was making him wait as a show of dominance.\
Then came the distant sound of galloping hooves.\
Lan Shengzhe looked up. A lone rider on horseback was approaching rapidly.\
The thundering hooves kicked up dirt, each impact crisp and powerful. The black stallion was magnificent, and the rider sat astride it with perfect ease. She held the reins firmly, her body lifting slightly off the saddle in a poised, professional stance. She looked elegant and untamed, exuding an effortless charm.\
She was charging straight at him.\
Even as the horse closed the distance, she did not slow down.\
Lan Shengzhe\'92s eyes widened. The massive steed loomed larger and larger in his vision until he could no longer take in its full form. His body locked up, frozen in place.\
Just as he braced himself for the impact, the rider suddenly yanked the reins.\
The stallion reared up on its powerful hind legs, whinnying sharply. Its hooves struck the air inches from him before landing with a practiced sidestep, coming to a halt at his side.\
Lan Shengzhe felt his knees weaken, but he forced himself to remain standing, refusing to collapse in disgrace.\
The towering horse cast a long shadow over him, forcing him to crane his neck to see the rider\'92s face.\
And so he looked up\'97only to meet a pair of eyes gazing down at him with casual scrutiny.\
Her eyes were strikingly beautiful\'97pure black, sharp, and filled with arrogance and indifference, with just a flicker of curiosity. It was the look of a child who had momentarily taken interest in an ant on the ground\'97something so insignificant it wasn\'92t even worth crushing.\
His heart clenched. For a moment, the world seemed to shrink, leaving only this small space between them. His ears rang with silence.\
Then, from those vivid red lips, came a single remark:\
"Not much to look at."\
There wasn\'92t even a trace of mockery\'97just an indifferent dismissal, making it all the more humiliating.\
Having seen all she needed to see, An Cui turned her horse and rode away.\
Lan Shengzhe stood there for a few seconds before it truly sank in.\
That woman\'85 That was Lan Shengmei?\
She was nothing like he had imagined. Not the slightest trace of hypocrisy. She had made no effort to conceal her contempt for him.\
His hands clenched into fists. He glared after her retreating figure, his heart burning with hatred.\
Someday\'85 he would make her regret this.\
Back in his room, his phone rang.\
Seeing the caller ID, the darkness in his eyes eased slightly.\
"Baoli."\
"Ah Zhe, are you at the Lan family now? How is it? Are they treating you badly?" A sweet, melodious voice rang out from the other end\'97it was Shu Baoli, his childhood friend. Their fates were eerily similar: both raised by single mothers, both ostracized in their hometown. They had been each other\'92s solace. Shu Baoli had been taken back to her own family a year earlier, but they had never lost contact. She had even sent him snacks. Upon hearing that the Lan family was bringing him back, she had been more excited than he was.\
"I\'92m here. It\'92s exactly as I expected\'85 except Lan Shengmei is different from what I imagined."\
"Is she difficult to deal with?"\
"Maybe. I need to observe her more," he said. She was undoubtedly spoiled, but perhaps she was just a brainless fool.\
"Don\'92t worry, I\'92ll help you. The Lan family all go to First High, right? You\'92ll be attending there too. I\'92ll transfer over\'97we can be together again!" Shu Baoli said excitedly.\
Lan Shengzhe felt a warmth spread in his heart. "Alright. I\'92ll be waiting for you."\
Together, they would take back everything that was stolen from them.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ===========\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Chapter 14: The Arrogant and Domineering Young Lady (Part 5)
\f2\b0 \
However, before a great destiny befalls a person, they must first endure hardships and suffering. Before the male protagonist could truly become the protagonist, he had a long and arduous journey to endure.\
In the original novel, although Lan Shengmei initially couldn't accept the fact that her father was a scoundrel, upon meeting Lan Shengzhe, her saintly compassion overwhelmed her. She saw him as innocent, was deceived by his timid and harmless demeanor, and constantly helped him. As a result, others restrained their bullying of him. However, this time, An Cui completely ignored him, and naturally, the severity of the bullying from others differed from the original story.\
One time, a maid serving at the dining table deliberately ignored Lan Shengzhe's request for a spoon in front of An Cui. Coldly, An Cui spoke up:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 "What? Did your employer cut your wages, or have you lost all sense of fear? Lan Shengzhe may be an unwelcome illegitimate child, but it's not your place to discipline him."
\f2\i0 \
The maid panicked, immediately apologized, and begged for forgiveness but was still fired. After this incident, no one dared to openly humiliate Lan Shengzhe again, but the bullying simply moved into the shadows, and in some cases, even intensified.\
Servants stole his clothes, ate his snacks, and called him a bastard behind his back. The adults of the Lan family ignored him, and his peers ridiculed him and treated him like a servant. He endured humiliation, perfecting the art of feigning harmlessness.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 System 524:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i "...Cui Cui, with the amount of hatred points the male protagonist is accumulating, I fear you\'92ll end up with no grave to be buried in."
\f2\i0 \
It really wanted to shake An Cui by the shoulders\'97could she not treat the male lead a little better?! Where was the romance arc?! Why was she not trying to win him over?! Did she really intend for this so-called "romance" to be about his hatred instead of love?!\
An Cui picked at her nails and blew on them: 
\f3\i "I\'92m rather curious about what it feels like to have no grave to be buried in."
\f2\i0 \
System 524 realized she was serious and suddenly remembered\'97oh right, she was a lunatic... Forget it. Let her be.\
Lan Shengzhe was locked in the attic. In the dust-filled air, a beam of moonlight streamed through the skylight. He gritted his teeth in hatred, the metallic taste of blood spreading in his mouth.\
He recalled everything that had happened over the past few days, remembering An Cui\'92s arrogant posture. He couldn\'92t help but wonder\'97did she know about the things happening to him in secret? Or was she the one orchestrating them? No, she wasn\'92t the type to do such things. She never hid her dislike for him, but she had also defended him before, which meant that while she despised him, she wouldn\'92t allow just anyone to bully him. After all, nominally, they were still siblings\'85\
If not for this, why else would they have to sneak around behind her back to torment him?\
She simply didn\'92t think he was worth bothering with. To her, he was nothing, so she wouldn\'92t waste her energy targeting him.\
Thinking this, the taste of blood in his mouth grew stronger. He felt a deep anger, but he had to stay calm\'97he had to think carefully about how to survive in this situation and achieve his future goals.\
The next morning, when An Cui opened her door, she saw Lan Shengzhe standing outside. Seeing her, a hint of youthful embarrassment and humiliation flashed across his face as he eagerly took her schoolbag from her hands.\
An Cui narrowed her eyes slightly at him but said nothing as she walked downstairs.\
Lan Shengzhe followed her obediently, carrying her bag.\

\f1\b System 524:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i ?????
\f2\i0 \
Lan Shengzhe tried his best to please An Cui, but there was only so much he could do, as she was in school every day, and no one in the Lan family had mentioned anything about him attending school.\
The boy was exceptionally handsome, and his suffering was evident. The occasional glimpses of his shame, silent endurance, and humiliation naturally invoked sympathy from others.\
One evening, as the sun was setting, An Cui galloped back on horseback. Seeing the boy still standing in the same place as before, she dismounted, and he immediately ran up to her, silently taking the reins and tending to her horse.\
He was incredibly adaptable and had perfectly grasped An Cui\'92s temperament. He knew that empty words wouldn\'92t win her favor\'97she wasn\'92t someone easily deceived. Instead, it was better to be direct about his intentions. This way, she might find him interesting and test his limits, giving him the opportunity he needed.\

\f1\b An Cui:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i "Why are you trying so hard to please me? What do you want?"
\f2\i0 \

\f1\b Lan Shengzhe:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i "I want to go to school."
\f2\i0 \

\f1\b An Cui smirked:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i "Sure."
\f2\i0  She looked down at him with a condescending gaze. 
\f3\i "You\'92ll be responsible for taking care of my horse, Caesar. Feeding, cleaning, shoveling manure\'97you\'92ll do everything yourself. When I\'92m satisfied, you can go to school."
\f2\i0 \
Making a rich young master do a stable hand\'92s work\'97it was humiliating, but compared to the other forms of humiliation he had suffered, this one was almost merciful.\
Seeing a glimmer of hope, Lan Shengzhe\'92s heart ignited with determination. Every morning after breakfast, he went to the stables to learn how to care for the horses. The stable hands bullied him, forcing him to tend to the other horses as well, refusing to teach him otherwise. He endured it all\'97wearing rubber boots, an apron, and sleeves, shoveling manure, and putting up with the stench of the stables, exhausting himself daily.\
One day, two days, three days\'85 Five days passed.\
One morning, just as An Cui returned from school, she was told\'97Caesar was dead.\
She rushed to the stable, where the black stallion lay motionless on the ground. The veterinarian stood by helplessly, while Lan Shengzhe looked pale. Several other family members stood around, smirking at the spectacle.\

\f1\b An Cui knelt beside the horse, running a hand over its mane. Its body was cold.
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i "What happened?"
\f2\i0 \

\f1\b Veterinarian:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i "Preliminary examination suggests food poisoning."
\f2\i0 \
The stable hands immediately spoke up: 
\f3\i "For the past few days, young master Shengzhe has been responsible for Caesar\'92s care and feeding\'85"
\f2\i0 \
An Cui stood up. The fury in her eyes made everyone tremble, but all she said was: 
\f3\i "Bring me my whip."
\f2\i0 \
They quickly obeyed, handing her the whip she normally used for riding.\
She took it and, without hesitation, lashed it down hard.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 "Snap!"
\f2\i0 \
The whip cracked in the air before striking Lan Shengzhe, leaving an immediate red welt on his neck.\
He stared at An Cui, shock and disbelief flashing in his eyes, quickly replaced by anger and hatred. She should have known! She wasn\'92t stupid! It was obvious he had been framed! But she didn\'92t hesitate to blame him!\

\f3\i "Snap!"
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i "Snap!"
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i "Snap!"
\f2\i0 \
The whip fell mercilessly, again and again. The boy stood motionless, stubbornly glaring at her, while she, expressionless and furious, showed no mercy.\
By the time she stopped, her arms were tired. The elders arrived and, seeing Lan Shengzhe\'92s battered state, didn\'92t even glance at him.\

\f3\i "It\'92s just a horse, no need to get so angry, Xiaomei. Does your hand hurt?"
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i "We\'92ll buy you another one, just like Caesar."
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i "Don\'92t be mad, dear, it\'92s bad for your health\'85"
\f2\i0 \
An Cui was gently coaxed away, while Lan Shengzhe, trembling from pain, clenched his fists and lowered his eyes.\
That night, he extracted the truth and brought it to An Cui.\
The next day, the culprits were fired and sued for compensation.\
At the same time, Lan Shengzhe was finally allowed to attend school.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ========================\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Chapter 15: The Arrogant Young Lady (Part 6)
\f2\b0 \
Lan Shengzhe stared at An Cui\'92s tightly shut door, panting a few times before his chest gradually calmed down.\
He returned to his room, and not long after, a servant brought him some ointment. Holding the ointment, he sat motionless in his chair, lost in thought. It hurt\'97his whole body ached. Every wound, whether hidden beneath his clothes or exposed, burned intensely. When he closed his eyes, all he could see were An Cui\'92s cold and furious eyes, and the merciless whip that lashed down upon him, making every nerve in his body tremble violently.\
His phone rang\'97not a call, but a video invitation. It was from Shu Baoli.\
Lan Shengzhe snapped back to reality and instinctively answered the call. Only after picking up did he realize his current disheveled state, but it was already too late\'97Shu Baoli had already started shouting.\
"Ah Zhe!!! This is outrageous! They actually hit you?!" On the other end of the call, Shu Baoli glared furiously at the whip marks on Lan Shengzhe\'92s face and neck.\
Lan Shengzhe was silent for two seconds before responding with a faint "Mm."\
"Who did it? Lan Shengmei?"\
"Mm... She was furious because the horse I was raising was poisoned to death."\
"She even made you take care of her horse?!" Shu Baoli became even more enraged. "She\'92s humiliating you! Making you do a servant\'92s job\'97so what if you\'92re an illegitimate child? Is it your fault? What right does she have to treat you like this? Just because she\'92s legitimate, she thinks she\'92s superior?! The law says legitimate and illegitimate children have the same rights! She has no right to treat you this way!"\
Seeing Shu Baoli stand up for him so fiercely, Lan Shengzhe\'92s eyes softened a little. "At least the issue of me going to school should be resolved."\
"You even have to please Lan Shengmei just to go to school?! The Lan family is too much. Ah Zhe, I\'92ll help you. I\'92ve already convinced my mom\'97I\'92ll be transferring to No.1 High School in a few days. Then we\'92ll make Lan Shengmei pay!" A hint of malice appeared on Shu Baoli\'92s otherwise adorable face.\
Meanwhile, An Cui was lying comfortably in bed when 524 reminded her: 
\f1\b "Based on the current plot trajectory, I think the male lead, after being humiliated like this, is probably plotting revenge with the villainous supporting female character."
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Oh."
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "...Can you at least acknowledge her intelligence? She\'92s still a scheming villainess, you know???"
\f2\b0 \
An Cui happily replied: 
\f1\b "Then let\'92s see who\'92s more villainous."
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b 524: "..."
\f2\b0  Completely speechless. This host refuses to be the heroine and insists on competing with the villainess for her role\'97what kind of bizarre streamer is this???\
The next day, the two servants were fired and sued for damages. The purebred racehorse imported from the UK was worth a fortune\'97enough to make those two audacious fools cry their hearts out.\
At the same time, Lan Shengzhe was finally allowed to attend No.1 High School.\
...\
He Yizhou had been feeling complicated about going to school lately, and the reason was undoubtedly An Cui. Ever since she forced him into this relationship, he had indeed gotten rid of his many annoying admirers. Now, in all of No.1 High School, who would dare send a love letter to the boyfriend of the school\'92s tyrannical queen? The effect was the same as when he had originally lied about liking Lan Shengmei. But why did he feel so conflicted?\
Ultimately, apart from being forced into this, the biggest reason was...\
"He Yizhou, what are you doing? Class is over\'97why haven\'92t you gone to the cafeteria yet? If you\'92re late, my sweet and sour ribs will be gone." After the fourth period, before he could move, An Cui impatiently urged him.\
He Yizhou: "There\'92s no sweet and sour ribs today."\
"Did I not tell you? I\'92ve already arranged with the school to have sweet and sour ribs at every meal from now on."\
He Yizhou: "..."\
"Why are you still standing there? Go queue up." Arms crossed, brows furrowed\'97clearly, she could go herself, yet she insisted on ordering him around. The way she stood there so arrogantly, as if it was only natural, was the perfect embodiment of every spoiled and detestable villainess in a novel.\
He Yizhou swallowed the frustrated breath stuck in his throat, gritting his teeth slightly. "\'85Fine, fine. But, Missy, since you can decide what dishes the cafeteria serves, why not just have them set aside a portion for you?"\
"Hm? If they did that, what would I need a boyfriend for?"\
??? Right, why did she even need a boyfriend? Just to boss me around???\
Frustrated, furious, and yet he still had to line up to get food for the young lady. Meanwhile, she casually strolled upstairs, waiting for her so-called "boyfriend"\'97more like a personal servant\'97to serve her.\
No, he had to break up. Why should he be her errand boy? So many girls liked him\'97compared to An Cui, they were all sweet and gentle. They wouldn\'92t even think of making him serve them; instead, they\'92d eagerly pamper him!\
Just as he was thinking this, his phone buzzed with a new message:\

\f1\b From: Annoying Young Lady
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b "Bring me a bottle of lemon juice."
\f2\b0 \
A vein twitched on He Yizhou\'92s forehead. Lemon juice\'85 There\'92s a vending machine on the second floor, just a few steps away!!! Are you some kind of mermaid princess? Will walking a few steps kill you???\
He Yizhou felt his carefully maintained persona teetering on the edge of collapse under An Cui\'92s cold-blooded, shameless oppression. He was supposed to be the type who was warm on the outside but detached on the inside, always watching the world with cold amusement. The happier he smiled, the more indifferent he truly was. Yet now, he was on the verge of becoming completely transparent\'97he was furious inside and out!\
He had to break up. But this woman had gone completely mad ever since entering her rebellious phase. He needed to be careful\'97senior year was too important, and he couldn\'92t let her ruin his chances of getting into a prestigious university. He had to find the perfect opportunity.\
As he strategized his breakup, he grabbed two trays of food and went upstairs. As always, An Cui occupied an entire long sofa by herself, while An Ran\'92s group sat awkwardly\'97some crammed onto one sofa, others dragging chairs from nearby tables. They spoke in hushed voices, looking utterly oppressed.\
It was obvious\'97though An Cui\'92s presence had disrupted their group dynamic, none of them dared to leave because one person refused to move.\
He Yizhou glanced at An Ran, who was curled up on the sofa sipping milk tea. With his fair and delicate features, he looked sweet and obedient\'97but He Yizhou knew better. This boy, raised in a military family, was anything but gentle.\
"Lemon juice." An Cui ordered as soon as the food arrived.\
Suppressing his irritation, He Yizhou walked toward the vending machine.\
"Senior, do you want to try some milk tea?" An Ran suddenly asked, his voice slow and playful.\
An Cui raised an eyebrow. "Too sweet."\
"This one isn\'92t very sweet, and the pearls are nice and chewy. It\'92s fun to eat."\
A smirk tugged at An Cui\'92s lips. "Are you a child?"\
Pouting slightly, An Ran replied, "I\'92m still a baby. Please be mindful of my fragile heart. You can call me a baby, but don\'92t call me a child. So, will you try the milk tea I\'92m offering?"\
An Cui, amused by his cuteness, relented. "Fine. But if it\'92s bad, I won\'92t spare you just because you\'92re pretty."\
He Yizhou: "..."\
And so, the "servant" had no choice but to obediently fetch the lemon juice.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 An Ran said, "Then I'll bring a cup for you too, Senior Sister, tomorrow at noon."\
An Cui responded indifferently, neither agreeing nor refusing.\
Meanwhile, across from them, An Ran's friends sat frozen, clutching their bowls in stunned silence, staring at An Ran and An Cui as if they had seen a ghost.\
Lan Shuhua, feeling a twinge of jealousy, muttered, "It seems Cousin\'92s mood hasn\'92t been affected at all. And here I was, worried that she would completely change because of that illegitimate child. When he returns, you\'92ll be even angrier, won\'92t you? Looks like I was overthinking it."\
"Can\'92t your food keep that mouth of yours shut if you have nothing pleasant to say?" An Cui lifted her lashes slightly, her gaze cool as she looked at Lan Shuhua.\
Lan Shuhua... immediately shrank back in fear.\
Even Lan Shuhua, a member of the family, was afraid of her. It was clear that An Cui was a force to be reckoned with at home. He Yizhou thought so, further solidifying his determination to find a way to sever ties with An Cui\'97cleanly and without complications.\
While he searched for a solution, Lan Shengzhe enrolled in school.\
Early that morning, he waited outside An Cui\'92s door. As soon as she stepped out, he silently reached out to take her backpack and followed behind her downstairs.\
After breakfast with An Cui, he picked up her bag again and trailed behind her into the car.\
Everyone who saw his submissive, servile demeanor wore open expressions of ridicule and disdain. But he remained indifferent, merely ensuring that, whenever An Cui glanced his way, he displayed just the right amount of silent endurance, shame, and humiliation\'97never revealing the depth of his scheming, never giving her a reason to be wary of him.\
He endured. Life was long, and fate was ever-changing. He would remember every insult, every mockery. One day, when his wings were fully spread, he would return every humiliation in kind.\
For now, he was just an ant, easily crushed, forced to swallow his pride and bide his time.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ===================\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Chapter 16: The Arrogant and Overbearing Young Lady (7)
\f2\b0 \
Lan Shengzhe followed An Cui all the way, helping her carry her schoolbag. He accompanied her to the senior year classrooms, placed her bag on her desk, and then went to report to the first-year class.\
An Cui was the focus of the entire school. When the unfamiliar boy, Lan Shengzhe, appeared following An Cui, it immediately caught the curiosity of the gossiping crowd. It soon spread that the mysterious young man was the illegitimate son who had caused An Cui's personality change.\
"How shameless! An illegitimate son, always trailing behind the legitimate child. Is he begging for forgiveness?"\
"He must be afraid of being bullied, that's why he's trying to please. Such thick skin."\
"Isn't Lan Shengmei supposed to have a bad temper? Why is she so generous, letting him follow her around?"\
"......"\
Lan Shengzhe paid no attention to these discussions.\
The school arranged classes based on academic performance, so Lan Shengzhe, being a transfer student with no grades, had to join the lowest class of the first year, along with Shu Baoli.\
As soon as they saw each other, both suppressed their inner joy. They had already discussed it, so they didn't give away any signs of familiarity. Lan Shengzhe remained quiet, and no one was willing to be friends with him. Shu Baoli, on the other hand, was proactive and enthusiastic in integrating into the class. With her cute and sweet looks, and her lively and cheerful personality, she quickly made friends.\
From them, she learned some things about An Cui and also heard how they mocked and made fun of Lan Shengzhe. Shu Baoli was so skilled at acting that she didn\'92t show any displeasure. She only sent messages to Lan Shengzhe during her free time.\
Shu Baoli: "You told me not to speak for you, but how long should I endure? I'm about to explode!"\
Lan Shengzhe: "Just a few more days. My situation is difficult, and sometimes, a little patience is needed for the bigger picture."\
Shu Baoli: "Got it."\
Though Lan Shengzhe asked Shu Baoli not to speak for him, it didn\'92t stop her from making trouble for An Cui. According to the rumors, An Cui was nothing but an arrogant and overbearing young lady. She wasn\'92t well-liked, and there were many people who disliked her, which showed her lack of emotional intelligence. Dealing with someone like her would be easy. The only problem was that they weren\'92t in the same grade.\
But no opportunity? Then create one.\
Shu Baoli found out that An Cui had joined the girls' volleyball club, so she joined as well.\
...\
In the fourth period that afternoon, when the class ended, An Cui came out of the classroom and saw Lan Shengzhe standing outside. She didn\'92t know when he had arrived.\
An Cui ignored him, and he just followed her.\
When they entered the cafeteria, Lan Shengzhe glanced at the queue and asked, "What do you want to eat?"\
"No need," An Cui said faintly and walked straight to the second floor.\
By the time Lan Shengzhe finished getting his meal and followed her upstairs, An Cui was already eating. She was sitting next to a young man who seemed somewhat special, as he was the only one sitting next to her.\
As soon as Lan Shengzhe approached, Lan Shuhua angrily shouted at him, "Go away, is this your place? Get lost, you stink."\
Lan Shengzhe's gaze fixed on Lan Shuhua for two seconds. When Lan Shuhua felt a little unnerved, he shifted his gaze and surveyed the second floor, quickly understanding the situation. He then silently went downstairs.\
He was a little curious about who He Yizhou was, but he didn\'92t dare ask anyone, as everyone avoided him like the plague. It was clear they wouldn\'92t answer his questions.\
After An Cui finished her lunch and she and He Yizhou went downstairs, he followed again. When He Yizhou returned to his class, Lan Shengzhe asked her, "Was that person your boyfriend?"\
He just wanted an answer, and didn\'92t actually think He Yizhou was An Cui\'92s boyfriend.\
"Yes," An Cui replied.\
Lan Shengzhe was stunned for a moment and then frowned. He began to observe He Yizhou, trying to figure out why he had become An Cui's boyfriend.\
He Yizhou was handsome, but there were many good-looking people in this world; his grades were excellent, but there were plenty of others with good grades\'97anything a person with average intelligence and hard work could achieve; his family was somewhat wealthy, but still far below the Lan family; his temperament was gentle, but there were plenty of people with better temperaments than He Yizhou.\
So, what did An Cui see in him? Was it because he was fast at getting food in line and the aunt gave him extra servings?\
...\
The school was an elite one, and it was a famous setting in a romance novel that spanned millions of words, so it had its unique features. For example, the sports clubs were well-known. It was said that a certain NBA basketball star had been a student there. He had joined the basketball club and was spotted by scouts in his senior year, eventually entering the NBA instead of going to college, beginning his professional basketball career. Many professionals came to the school\'92s various sports clubs to scout for talent.\
After Caesar's death, An Cui lost interest in horseback riding and took up volleyball. She had never played volleyball before, so she joined the girls' volleyball club just to try it out.\
Although she was a scientist, she had excellent athletic ability. She couldn\'92t say she was instantly good at it, but she quickly got the hang of it.\
When Shu Baoli joined, An Cui took a good look at her. Shu Baoli was a key character who had given the female protagonist, Lan Shengmei, a lot of trouble. She was an illegitimate child, but unlike Lan Shengzhe, whose mother had an accidental affair with the female protagonist\'92s father, her mother had been kept as a mistress and had worked hard to ruin the original wife, eventually succeeding.\
Because they were both the daughters of mistresses, Shu Baoli and her mother were looked down upon in their small town, and no other children wanted to be friends with them. Lan Shengzhe\'92s situation was similar, so it was natural that they became friends.\
Shu Baoli had liked Lan Shengzhe for a long time, so in the early stages, she kept making trouble for Lan Shengmei, causing her a lot of suffering. Once, she even schemed to nearly get Lan Shengmei assaulted. If Lan Shengzhe hadn\'92t learned about it and had a conscience, Lan Shengmei\'92s life would have been ruined.\
However, the shock from that incident made Lan Shengmei sick, which led to her poor performance in the college entrance exams. Unable to get into a good university based on her abilities, she used money to get into a prestigious university, which led to her being criticized for it.\
After student life ended, in the future adult world, she would be the cause of the constant misunderstandings between Lan Shengmei and Lan Shengzhe. Things like falling down stairs and car accidents would all be because of her, while the male protagonist would constantly forgive and let her go due to their childhood friendship.\
This malicious female character sparked all the hatred in the story, making readers despise her. It was because of her that Lan Shengmei was called brainless by so many readers, even though she eventually ended up with the male protagonist.\
She looked sweet and innocent, but who could have imagined her heart was so dark?\
After observing her, An Cui lost interest and looked away. She walked towards the sidelines. There were only a few people scattered in the audience seats, and both Lan Shengzhe and He Yizhou, An Cui's "boyfriend," were present. Strangely, An Ran and his friends were also there.\
The girl in the blue and white volleyball uniform revealed her fair, long legs. Her long hair was tied up in a high ponytail, showing her beautiful, confident face. This outfit was much more youthful and energetic than the usual school uniform, though it seemed a bit more aggressive.\
An Cui reached out for a towel.\
He Yizhou, holding back, silently handed her the towel. An Cui wiped her sweat, then took a couple of sips of sports drink, throwing both the water and towel back to him.\
Shu Baoli approached the volleyball club president and said something. The president nodded in agreement.\
"Girls, gather up," the volleyball club president, Jiang Qin, clapped her hands.\
The girls from the volleyball club gathered.\
"Training like this is a bit boring. Recently, we\'92ve had some new members, and the fastest way to get them to mesh and improve is to have some competition. So, we\'92ll divide into teams and have a little match."\
No one objected. The competition would add fun, and it sounded great.\
Soon, the teams were formed, and An Cui and Shu Baoli ended up in opposing teams.\
The two teams quickly entered the arena. On the sandy court, separated by a net, Shu Baoli looked at An Cui, a trace of malice flashing in her eyes.\
"Beep!" The whistle for the start of the match blew, and the ball was hit up by the girls' hands, passed along, and smacked towards the opposing team. Everything seemed harmonious and normal. But then, the girl who had been clumsy earlier, looking like a beginner, suddenly and unexpectedly stepped in front of the girl who was supposed to receive the ball, jumping up and slamming the ball towards the opposite side.\
The event happened too quickly, catching everyone off guard. The ball thudded loudly and directly hit An Cui in the face. Despite her quick reaction, she was a step too slow, and the ball hit her forehead.\
\
\
\
==================================\
\

\f1\b Chapter 17: The Arrogant and Overbearing Young Lady (Part 8)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 The volleyball club members on the court were shocked. In the audience, An Ran let out a loud "What the hell!" as she abruptly shifted from her lazy posture, almost jumping up. He Yizhou dropped both his towel and water bottle to the ground, while Lan Shengzhe's eyes widened suddenly, his heart skipping a beat.\
\'93Oh! I\'92m sorry, I\'92m so sorry, senior! I-I-I didn\'92t mean to\'85\'94 Shu Baoli was so startled that her face turned pale. She quickly ran over to apologize to An Cui, though in her heart, she regretted not hitting An Cui square in the face. It would have been even better if she had made her nose bleed!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 524 was furious:
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u12304 That was definitely on purpose! This vicious supporting character!!\u12305 \
An Cui stood still, rubbing her forehead. She was sure there must be a red mark there.\
"Are you okay, Sheng Mei?"\
"Are you alright?"\
Others also gathered around with concern, though deep down, they thought the new girl was just plain unlucky. She had just transferred in and already managed to provoke this domineering young lady. Still, they couldn\'92t help but secretly enjoy the spectacle\'97seeing the usually arrogant and high-and-mighty An Cui getting hit in the face with a ball was incredibly satisfying. Let\'92s see how she keeps up that air of superiority now.\
"I'm fine," An Cui replied calmly. She gave Shu Baoli a brief, indifferent glance and said, "Be more careful next time. Let\'92s continue."\
She just let Shu Baoli off like that? The onlookers were stunned.\
And so, the game continued. Shu Baoli decided to quit while she was ahead. She knew the Lan family was wealthy and powerful, and An Cui was especially favored. If she directly clashed with her, it could end badly for herself.\
A new round began, with the ball being passed back and forth. Then, one of the teammates sent the ball high into the air, perfect for a spike. Just as the girl in position prepared to jump and smash it down, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her\'97faster, swifter. A high ponytail swung through the air, and a slender waist arched gracefully as an arm reached up.\

\f1\b "Bang!"
\f2\b0 \
A fair, jade-like hand forcefully spiked the ball downward. With incredible speed and impact, the ball shot toward Shu Baoli.\
She hadn\'92t expected it at all\'97caught completely off guard. The fast and powerful ball, still covered in sand, struck her directly in the face.\

\f1\b "Bang!"
\f2\b0 \
The hit was solid and heavy. Shu Baoli fell onto the sandy ground, clutching her nose in pain, tears welling up in her eyes.\
The girls stood frozen, staring at An Cui.\
\'93Oh dear, my bad. I didn\'92t do that on purpose.\'94 An Cui\'92s tone was completely insincere. In fact, her face openly displayed an arrogant and mocking smirk, making her look utterly wicked.\

\f1\b She had absolutely done that on purpose!!!
\f2\b0 \
From the audience, laughter suddenly erupted.\
The girls turned in shock, wondering who could be so rude\'97then they saw An Ran, bent over, laughing uncontrollably.\
\'93Hahahahahahahaha\'97\'94\
He Yizhou twitched at the corners of his eyes. 
\f1\b So vengeful.
\f2\b0  He thought it was best to tread carefully and not end up on the young lady\'92s bad side.\
Lan Shengzhe clenched his fists, looking at Shu Baoli with concern.\
Shu Baoli lowered her hand and saw the blood on her palm. Her eyes instantly filled with fury. A shadow loomed over her, and when she looked up, she saw An Cui standing above her, looking down with transparent black eyes filled with undisguised mockery and cold disdain.\
It was as if she was saying, 
\f1\b "What do you amount to?"
\f2\b0 \
The curve of her lips carried a hint of amusement\'97like a child who found it fun to kick over an anthill.\
A sudden chill ran down Shu Baoli\'92s spine. 
\f1\b That\'92s right.
\f2\b0 \
Ah Zhe had warned her\'97An Cui wasn\'92t easy to deal with. She had underestimated her.\
"Are you alright? Can you keep playing?" An Cui asked with a fake smile, her eyes gleaming with icy provocation.\
Shu Baoli clenched her fists. 
\f1\b Endure.
\f2\b0  She couldn\'92t go head-to-head with this tyrant. An Cui had already taken her revenge, so she probably wouldn\'92t push things further. She\'92d just take this as a lesson.\
She was a good student\'97now that she understood this woman\'92s way of handling things, she\'92d know how to counter her in the future.\
So she wiped away the blood, stood up, and put on a sweet but fake smile. \'93I\'92m fine, I can continue.\'94\
"Good."\
An Cui turned back to her team and, as if it were only natural, said, 
\f1\b "Pass the ball to me."
\f2\b0 \
Her tone was absolute, her commanding gaze arrogant and oppressive. It made people uncomfortable, but no one dared to openly defy her. The teammates exchanged glances and reluctantly decided to submit to her will.\
As the match resumed, another spike opportunity arose. An Cui jumped.\
Shu Baoli, thinking that An Cui had already retaliated once and wouldn\'92t target her again, let her guard down.\
Then\'97
\f1\b "Bang!"
\f2\b0 \
The ball slammed into her face. Again.\
Shu Baoli was about to explode with rage. But she still couldn\'92t fight back\'97because the Lan family was far superior to the Shu family, and she couldn\'92t afford to openly challenge An Cui.\
She could have just left. But she couldn\'92t swallow this humiliation\'97walking away now would be too pathetic, as if she had been beaten into retreat.\
So she stood up and kept playing. This time, she was prepared. Yet, when she finally lowered her defenses\'85\
An Cui struck again\'97
\f1\b another spike, straight to her face!
\f2\b0 \
This time, Shu Baoli 
\f1\b really
\f2\b0  burst into tears.\
But what hurt more than her face was the burning hatred searing her heart.\
Even though she hadn\'92t had many friends growing up, she never felt lonely. Her mother had raised her well. Those who gossiped about them were just a bunch of 
\f1\b losers
\f2\b0 , jealous and bitter.\
Ugly, judgmental women shackled by outdated moral codes\'97they had no chance of marrying someone as rich and handsome as her father, so they could only stand on their moral high ground and sneer at her and her mother. But in the end, she and her mother had 
\f1\b won
\f2\b0 . They weren\'92t abandoned. They rose to the top.\

\f1\b Ha.
\f2\b0 \
With this mindset, Shu Baoli had lived a pampered life, untouched by hardship or humiliation. Even when she clashed with others, it was always through scheming in the shadows\'97a battle of wits and tactics.\
But now, for the first time, she had encountered someone like An Cui. Someone who, in front of 
\f1\b everyone
\f2\b0 , struck her again and again\'97without even pretending to respect her.\
It was infuriating. Absolutely infuriating!!!\
\
\
===========\
\
\

\f1\b Chapter 18: The Arrogant and Domineering Young Lady (Part 9)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 524 felt exhilarated, but at the same time, a little apprehensive. The unfolding plot and ending were completely unpredictable, and he wasn\'92t sure how the audience would respond to a villainous female streamer. After all, in both movies and TV dramas, the female protagonist was usually portrayed in a positive light...\
With these thoughts in mind, he answered some questions from other streamers under his management and then checked the recommendation effect for An Cui. While some time had passed in the game, the in-game time flow was set to the fastest speed, meaning only a few hours had elapsed in reality. It was still morning, and many netizens were just waking up, so traffic was expected to increase rapidly.\
She had been placed on the \'93Potential Newcomer Recommendation List,\'94 which was a great ranking. This list was prominently featured on the homepage of the role-playing live streaming section, where many viewers scouted for new streamers.\
When 524 opened the page, he was startled by the densely packed barrage of comments flooding the chat.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \uc0\u12304 First time seeing such a fierce streamer, followed!\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 A ruthless streamer, beating people up live\'97love it, hahaha!\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 So satisfying, hahaha!\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 I just watched another streamer play 
\f4\i The Devil\'92s Seven-Day Love
\f1\i0 , and that idiot was going for a \'91tragedy-then-redemption\'92 arc. She got completely wrecked by Shu Baoli, and I was so frustrated watching it. I didn't even want to wait for her comeback! But now, seeing this, I feel refreshed, hahaha!\uc0\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 Came here after watching the previous stream\'97definitely a unique female streamer. I\'92m curious about what she actually looks like.\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 The streamer said, "I can even crush the male lead, so what\'92s a mere villainous side character to me?"\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 Can\'92t predict what will happen next\'97exciting and thrilling! Looking forward to it!\u12305 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \uc0\u12304 \'85\'85\u12305 
\f2\b0 \
The gift section was also buzzing, with various gifts pouring in\'97bouquets \'d766, diamonds \'d799, villas \'d711. The most shocking part? A wealthy viewer had even sent a 
\f1\b small planet
\f2\b0 ! That was the most expensive gift, worth 
\f1\b 10,000 star coins
\f2\b0 , more than 524\'92s 
\f1\b five-month salary
\f2\b0  combined. Just by looking at these gifts, it was clear this new streamer was on the verge of blowing up.\
524 suppressed his excitement and checked the number of viewers. It was still at just over 
\f1\b 50,000
\f2\b0 , but the number of users entering the stream was skyrocketing like a rocket launch. He couldn\'92t take his eyes off the screen.\

\f1\b "Old Wu, your streamer is about to take off,"
\f2\b0  a colleague commented after noticing the rising numbers.\

\f1\b "Hahaha, let\'92s see how things go. But your \'91Liu Liu Little Cutie\'92 is also on fire. The charming-heartthrob style always gets a lot of female audience engagement."
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Sigh, it just looks strong on the surface. But it\'92s not just female viewers watching livestreams\'97male viewers don\'92t buy into that route."
\f2\b0  At best, the popularity would plateau soon.\
After some casual chatting, they both returned to work.\
524 glanced at the other streamers under his management but ultimately decided to focus on An Cui.\
\

\f1\b "So pitiful\'85 Senior is being too harsh,"
\f2\b0  someone from An Ran\'92s group muttered indignantly.\

\f1\b "Yeah, wasn\'92t it just an accident at first? Does she have to go this far...?"
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Hey, Shuhua, is your cousin always this domineering at home?"
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Hmph."
\f2\b0  Lan Shuhua didn\'92t bother answering, but in her heart, she once again felt that An Cui had actually gone easy on her. Compared to that pitiful Shu Baoli, those few slaps were nothing.\
An Ran shot a sidelong glance at the person speaking up for Shu Baoli and smirked coldly. 
\f1\b "What? 'Do not offend me if I do not offend you; if you offend me, I\'92ll repay tenfold.' What\'92s wrong with that?"
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Uh..."
\f2\b0  The person quickly shook their head frantically.\
Lan Shengzhe clenched his fists tightly as he watched Shu Baoli sitting on the ground, crying. He shut his eyes in frustration. 
\f1\b I\'92m sorry, Baoli... I can\'92t protect you yet... But one day, I will...
\f2\b0 \
When he opened his eyes again, they were filled with cold rage. He looked at An Cui, but the moment their gazes met, all that fury vanished in an instant, replaced by a sharp pang in his heart.\
An Cui was staring at him. Arms crossed, she stood tall and proud, her gaze piercing through the crowd to land directly on him\'97cold and cutting, as if she could see straight through him, making him feel uneasy. Fortunately, she soon looked away.\
Lan Shengzhe reassured himself\'97it must have been an illusion.\
The other spectators, who had initially felt satisfaction watching Shu Baoli attack An Cui, now only felt 
\f1\b pity
\f2\b0  seeing her cry on the ground. They were all secretly relieved they hadn\'92t tried to stand up for her\'97otherwise, they\'92d have ended up just like her, 
\f1\b beaten down by An Cui
\f2\b0 .\

\f1\b "Alright, we\'92ve been training for a while, and everyone\'92s hungry. Let\'92s end practice here and go home,"
\f2\b0  said Jiang Qin, the volleyball club captain. In her mind, she had already decided\'97
\f1\b Shu Baoli needed to leave the club.
\f2\b0  Otherwise, there would never be peace in their team again.\
To be honest, if Shu Baoli hadn\'92t fought for that ball in the first place, all of this could have been avoided. And based on her keen eye as someone training for professional volleyball, she was 
\f1\b certain
\f2\b0  that Shu Baoli\'92s move was intentional.\
Jiang Qin despised people like her\'97pretending to be innocent and pure, only to stab others in the back at the slightest chance. Compared to that, she 
\f1\b preferred An Cui\'92s straightforwardness
\f2\b0 . If An Cui liked someone, she showed it. If she disliked someone, she made it clear. 
\f1\b That was way better than unknowingly offending someone and getting secretly plotted against.
\f2\b0 \
Everyone left with mixed emotions, all coming to the same unspoken conclusion\'97
\f1\b better not mess with this queen of the school.
\f2\b0 \
\
After changing her clothes, An Cui stepped out to find Lan Shengzhe waiting outside. An Ran was also at the entrance, along with He Yizhou, who hadn\'92t dared to leave without permission.\

\f1\b "Senior, your plays were incredible! I admire you so much,"
\f2\b0  the exquisite-looking youth said in a slightly fawning tone.\

\f1\b "Of course,"
\f2\b0  An Cui replied without an ounce of humility.\

\f1\b "Then will you come out with us tonight?"
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "What does my volleyball skill have to do with going out with you?"
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Obviously, because I\'92ve been mesmerized by your skills and want to spend time with you!"
\f2\b0  An Ran leaned in with a charming smile.\
He Yizhou: 
\f1\b "..."
\f2\b0  He felt like his head was getting greener.\
An Cui reached out and pinched An Ran\'92s 
\f1\b perfectly smooth
\f2\b0  cheek, her eyes filled with amused arrogance. Then, pressing down on his head, she pushed him aside. 
\f1\b "No time. Move."
\f2\b0 \
An Ran\'92s eyes flashed with disappointment. 
\f1\b "\'85So heartless. My delicate heart is shattered."
\f2\b0 \
But An Cui ignored him, walking off on her own.\
Outside the school gate, her family\'92s car was already waiting. He Yizhou finally seized the chance to excuse himself, and An Cui nodded\'97
\f1\b his duty as a "slave" was done for the day, so he was free to go.
\f2\b0 \
Lan Shengzhe watched He Yizhou leave with a mocking look. 
\f1\b So this was the \'91boyfriend\'92? Just another kept man. Being summoned and dismissed like that\'97was he any different from himself?
\f2\b0 \
He followed An Cui into the car, which smoothly drove toward the Lan estate. As she leaned back with her eyes closed, he turned to glance at her. Her profile was stunning, from her smooth forehead to her high nose bridge, down to her lips as red as a blooming rose. The long eyelashes cast delicate shadows on her fair skin.\
It was because of this perfection that the 
\f1\b tiny red mark
\f2\b0  on her forehead stood out so much\'97it was impossible to ignore.\
Today, Baoli had been too impulsive.\
And then, suddenly, An Cui\'92s voice rang out: 
\f1\b "That Shu Baoli\'97is she the daughter of Shu Real Estate?"
\f2\b0 \
Lan Shengzhe\'92s head snapped up. 
\f1\b "You already got your revenge!"
\f2\b0  he blurted out, then immediately regretted his reaction.\
An Cui opened her eyes and stared directly at him. 
\f1\b "What\'92s this? You sound like you\'92re protecting her. Are you two friends?"
\f2\b0 \
His instincts told him to deny it. 
\f1\b "No. She\'92s just a new classmate\'85 I just think\'85 she\'92s a decent person."
\f2\b0 \
An Cui let out a cold laugh and said nothing more. But her silence made Lan Shengzhe even more uneasy.\
When they arrived at the Lan estate, An Cui stepped out and walked toward the house. Without looking back, she ordered: 
\f1\b "Go to the attic and reflect on your mistakes."
\f2\b0 \
Lan Shengzhe was stunned. 
\f1\b "Why?"
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b "Come out when you figure it out,"
\f2\b0  she said, never breaking stride\'97her posture arrogant as ever.\
\
\
\
====================\
\

\f1\b Chapter 19: The Arrogant and Domineering Young Lady (10)
\f2\b0 \
Lan Shengzhe knew he had no right to refuse. He clenched his fists tightly as he watched An Cui\'92s back, his eyes filled with humiliation.\
He went to the attic. The attic was used for storage, so while it wasn\'92t excessively dusty, it was messy. There was no comfortable seat to sit on, and even the light was broken, left unfixed for a long time.\
No one brought Lan Shengzhe dinner, and no one came looking for him. He sat on the cold floor, shrouded in darkness, his whole body trembling. His mind was consumed by thoughts of An Cui\'97anger, humiliation, hatred. How long had it been? She had punished him twice already. The first time, she whipped him until he was covered in wounds. The second time, she ordered him to come up here and reflect on his mistakes\'85\
Why?\
Why did she have the right to treat him like this?\
Damn it. Damn it. Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it!!!\
One day\'85 One day\'85\
His phone rang\'97it was Shu Baoli.\
Lan Shengzhe saw her name, and amidst his overwhelming negativity, a hint of irritation flickered through his heart.\
\'93Ah Zhe\'85\'94\
\'93You were too impulsive. Why did you do something like that on your own? Do you realize she might go after your family?\'94 Lan Shengzhe scolded her sharply.\
\'93I\'92m sorry, I know I was wrong. I just didn\'92t expect her to be so arrogant\'85\'94\
\'93She\'92s the eldest daughter of the Lan family. She has every right to be arrogant!\'94\
\'93Ah Zhe, are you mad at me?\'94\
Lan Shengzhe took a deep breath, hugging his head, feeling guilty for taking out his frustration on his friend. His voice softened, \'93No\'85 it\'92s my fault. I know what to do next. You don\'92t have to worry about it. Just don\'92t provoke her again. She\'92s very favored, and it\'92s highly likely the Lan family will take action against your company if you get on her bad side.\'94\
Shu Baoli immediately said, \'93Mm, mm, I know you\'92re looking out for me. I won\'92t be reckless again. I\'92ll stay out of her way and make sure she doesn\'92t notice me.\'94\
They talked for a while. Lan Shengzhe didn\'92t tell Shu Baoli that he was being confined. After hanging up, he sat with his knees drawn up for a long time before finally standing and leaving the attic.\
He walked to An Cui\'92s bedroom door and knocked.\
Before long, An Cui opened the door, looking at him expressionlessly.\
Lan Shengzhe clenched his fists, his eyes slightly red. \'93I know where I was wrong.\'94\
\'93Speak.\'94\
\'93I shouldn\'92t have spoken up for someone who offended you.\'94\
\'93That\'92s it?\'94 An Cui looked at him mockingly.\
Lan Shengzhe hesitated for a moment, puzzled as to what other reason there could be.\
\'93It seems you really have no self-awareness.\'94 An Cui sneered. \'93You got the chance to attend First High because of me. You weren\'92t bullied at school because of me. No one in the Lan family dared to pick on you anymore because of me. From the moment you entered this house, everything you\'92ve gained was because you pleased me. Since you\'92ve chosen to be a dog, then be ready to do whatever your master tells you to do. If your friend offends me, the only thing you should do is bite her for me, not worry about me retaliating against her. If you can\'92t do that, then get lost. A traitor.\'94\
She slammed the door shut.\

\f1\b [524: (Very good, yet another day of deeply offending the male lead.)]
\f2\b0 \
524, who had already given up, casually munched on sunflower seeds, feeling rather Zen about it.\
Lan Shengzhe stood in place, staring at the closed door. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes tightly, and only opened them after a long moment. By then, all the turbulent emotions in his eyes had been suppressed. He turned to leave.\
However, after walking a short distance, he came back.\
But he didn\'92t knock. Instead, he simply leaned against her door and sat on the floor.\
When Lan Shuhua came downstairs to get some water, she saw Lan Shengzhe sitting there like a dog that had been thrown out by its owner. She couldn\'92t help but sneer, shaking her head in mocking amusement before heading downstairs.\
Lan Shengzhe sat there until dawn.\
When An Cui opened the door in the morning, she saw the slender, handsome boy curled up against her door, hugging his knees. He looked incredibly pitiful, as if he had no sense of security.\
He was a light sleeper and woke up quickly. The moment he realized she had opened the door, he stood up immediately. His legs were numb from sitting all night, and he nearly fell. An Cui casually grabbed his arm to steady him.\
Lan Shengzhe froze for a moment, but the hand quickly let go.\
\'93What do you want?\'94 An Cui asked coldly.\
Lan Shengzhe\'92s eyes were slightly misty, filled with struggle, shame, and endurance. \'93I didn\'92t please you just for convenience\'85\'94\
An Cui looked at him, intrigued, waiting for him to continue.\
Lan Shengzhe\'92s face grew redder and redder. In the end, he turned his head away in frustration. \'93Forget it. It\'92s nothing.\'94 He grabbed her schoolbag and turned to go downstairs first.\
An Cui watched his retreating figure, her brows arching in amusement.\
Not only did Lan Shengzhe not distance himself from An Cui after she mercilessly humiliated him yesterday, but he became even more eager to please her.\
Shu Baoli thought the matter had ended after An Cui\'92s revenge yesterday. However, neither she nor Lan Shengzhe expected An Cui to be even pettier and more ruthless than they had imagined.\
When An Cui arrived at school, she spread the word: she hated Shu Baoli.\
An Cui was a tyrant at school. Many people secretly resented her, but just as many wanted to please her. Some even admired her untouchable, high-and-mighty attitude. After all, almost everyone has a subconscious admiration for strength. Though they called her arrogant and overbearing, deep down, they envied her ability to act without consequence.\
Moreover, for some reason, An Ran seemed to have a good impression of An Cui. He immediately declared that he also hated Shu Baoli.\
With both top figures of First High expressing their dislike, there was no way Shu Baoli could have peaceful days at school.\
Even though she was sweet and cute, there were many cute girls. But school elites like them? There were only two. Now that these elites had spoken, of course, others wanted to take action to curry favor\'97maybe even join their circle.\
And so, for the first time, Shu Baoli, who had always been the bully, became the bullied.\
Unlike in her small town, where rich people were few and not that wealthy, First High was full of second-generation elites and nouveaux riches. Shu Baoli was insignificant here, like a country girl stepping into the city for the first time, experiencing firsthand how small and powerless she truly was.\

\f1\b [524 sensed something was off and checked the live chat\'97sure enough, viewers were arguing fiercely.]
\f2\b0 \
Some were saying An Cui was being excessive. Others were defending her. Some called the streamer more villainous than a stereotypical evil supporting character. Meanwhile, 524 pondered whether to inform An Cui but quickly dismissed the thought\'97she was too headstrong to care.\
As long as the tips kept rolling in and the viewer count continued to grow, it didn\'92t matter. This was An Cui\'92s style, and the audience would have to get used to it.\
\
Lan Shengzhe witnessed Shu Baoli\'92s suffering but didn\'92t dare show a hint of discontent or sympathy. Every time he wanted to rush forward, An Cui\'92s cold and ruthless face, the whip against his skin, and the freezing attic would flash through his mind. His heart would tremble, and his reason would take over.\
Once again, he saw An Cui\'92s cold cruelty.\
And so, his determination grew stronger.\
\
After the morning classes ended, Lan Shengzhe immediately headed to the cafeteria. By the time An Cui arrived, he was already waiting for her on the second floor with a tray full of sweet and sour ribs, stir-fried chili pork, and crispy chicken cutlets\'97it all looked absolutely delicious.\
The last period had been PE class, and An Cui was starving. She wanted food, so she took it. As an utterly self-centered and spoiled young lady, she had no intention of denying herself anything.\
He Yizhou had gone to queue for food, but An Cui had already accepted Lan Shengzhe\'92s offering and started eating. In a rare act of generosity, she even allowed Lan Shengzhe to sit beside her.\
So when He Yizhou finally returned with his food, he saw his so-called girlfriend\'97who was essentially his slave master\'97already eating, while another boy had taken his usual seat.\
He Yizhou: ???? What the hell? Why do I feel so annoyed???\
He quickly pushed aside the irritation in his heart and suddenly realized\'97wasn\'92t this the perfect chance to break up?\
With a slightly sour expression, he walked over and said, \'93Shengmei, you\'92re already eating?\'94\
An Ran's gaze flickered between the three of them with an unreadable expression, while the others around them looked on with amused anticipation.\
Sipping the milk tea An Ran had given her, An Cui nodded matter-of-factly and replied, \'93You were too slow.\'94\
\'93\'85Then what am I supposed to do with this?\'94 He Yizhou looked down at the two trays of food in his hands, feeling somewhat dejected.\
At this moment, Lan Shengzhe spoke up somewhat sheepishly, \'93Can I have it, senior? I think I can eat more.\'94\
He Yizhou: \'93\'85\'85\'94 I swear, I just want to dump this tray on your face, you sneaky little bastard.\
\
\
======================\
\
\
\

\f1\b Chapter 20: The Arrogant and Domineering Young Lady (11)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 He Yizhou soon realized that Lan Shengzhe hadn\'92t just taken over the job of getting food for An Cui. In the past, whenever An Cui suddenly craved the handmade bread from the school convenience store, wanted a drink, or even needed something as trivial as a pack of tissues, she would naturally order him to buy it, as if it were the most reasonable thing in the world\'97so much so that it nearly drove him to the brink of frustration.\
But now, all of these tasks had fallen to Lan Shengzhe. No, rather than "fallen to," it would be more accurate to say they had been "snatched away." Whenever he had free time, he would show up in the senior year classrooms, often bringing something with him\'97either food or drinks.\
Although He Yizhou intended to use this as an opportunity to sever ties with An Cui, he couldn\'92t shake an unsettling feeling. Even if it was something he no longer wanted, having it snatched away without permission was bound to be irritating.\
Moreover, he was certain that this illegitimate child was extremely calculating. The recent shift in how people talked about him was proof enough.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 "He looks kind of pitiful when you think about it..."
\f2\i0 \

\f3\i "Yeah, kind of tragic... Honestly, it\'92s the adults who are at fault. It\'92s not like he had a choice about being born to whom."
\f2\i0 \

\f3\i "He\'92s being ordered around constantly..."
\f2\i0 \

\f3\i "..."
\f2\i0 \
Weak people always evoke sympathy, especially when they happen to be good-looking. It stirred the innate nurturing instincts in some girls, who took the initiative to befriend Lan Shengzhe. Since he had been currying favor with An Cui and she hadn\'92t rejected him, his first year in high school had been bearable\'97at least, he hadn\'92t been outright bullied. But now, things were gradually improving. Whenever someone tried to insult him, they barely got two words out before some girl, hands on her hips, would snap back in his defense.\
And all of this was because he kept hovering around An Cui, constantly fawning over her, crafting the image of a pitiful younger brother being bullied by his domineering half-sister. Eventually, public opinion swung in his favor, and he started experiencing a normal high school life.\
Of course, every situation has two sides.\
An Cui had three loyal followers who had attached themselves to her: Zhou Biyu, Lin Shu, and Yang Momei. Their roles were exactly like those of the minions who followed the rich, vicious supporting female characters in every novel\'97trailing behind her, carrying out her orders, and, when necessary, being used as pawns. Of course, there was no guarantee that they wouldn\'92t turn on her one day or end up as liabilities.\
Since An Cui already had He Yizhou\'97her so-called boyfriend but actual servant\'97she rarely needed their help. Still, they occasionally managed to snatch a bit of work. But ever since Lan Shengzhe appeared, they found themselves completely sidelined.\
What was this guy, a first-year student, always doing in their senior-year classrooms? And why did he always bring snacks, drinks, and chocolates? The moment An Cui mentioned wanting something, he would sprint off faster than the wind to fetch it, leaving them far behind. How infuriating! How were they supposed to remain her loyal followers? How would they ever earn her favor? If this continued, An Cui would see them as useless and cast them aside!\
They were furious. So, they decided to teach him a lesson\'97of course, not personally, but by having other first-year students do it for them.\
Over the next few days, Lan Shengzhe\'92s books mysteriously disappeared without a trace. His desk was thrown downstairs. He was locked inside a restroom stall after school and doused with water\'85\
Now, soaking wet and utterly miserable, he sat on the toilet, idly playing with his phone. Outside, the sounds gradually faded as the school emptied, leaving only the duty staff behind.\
He leaned against the wall, silently waiting for the sunset to fade, the night to fall, and the school gates to be locked. In the darkness of the restroom stall, he sent An Cui a text message.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \'97Can you save me? I\'92m locked inside the school restroom.
\f2\b0 \
By now, it was dinnertime. The Lan family certainly wouldn\'92t wait for him. At most, they might casually ask about his absence, but no one would truly care. At a time like this, any soft-hearted person receiving such a message would inevitably feel sorry for him.\
An Cui stared at the message on her phone, raised an eyebrow, and put down her chopsticks.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 "I\'92m full. You guys enjoy."
\f2\i0  She then turned to one of her cousins, Lan Qifeng. 
\f3\i "Qifeng, lend me your bike."
\f2\i0 \
Lan Qifeng cherished his bike, and he was known as an untouchable school bully. But when faced with An Cui\'92s straightforward request\'97accompanied by an outstretched hand\'97he hesitated. Remembering how she had beaten Lan Shengzhe before, he found it hard to summon the courage to refuse. In the end, he reluctantly handed over the keys.\

\f3\i "But, sis\'85 do you even know how to ride?"
\f2\i0  he asked, still hoping she\'92d reconsider.\
Taking the keys, An Cui gave him a sideways glance. 
\f3\i "Some things don\'92t require learning. They come naturally."
\f2\i0 \

\f3\i "..."
\f2\i0 \
She headed to the garage, where Lan Qifeng\'92s nearly seven-figure heavy motorcycle stood\'97a sleek, powerful machine that any teenager would find cool. Swinging a long leg over it, she settled into the seat, put on a matching helmet, and revved the engine. The bike let out a deep, intoxicating growl. Releasing the clutch, she sped out of the garage, out of the estate, and onto the open road.\
\
Would she come?\
Lan Shengzhe began to shiver. The cold, damp stall only made it worse. This was a crucial step in his plan. From everything An Cui had said and done, he had realized one thing\'97if she only saw him as a dog, then he was nothing more than something to be beaten and discarded at will. He had to change that. He had to win her over.\
Her position in the Lan family was unmatched, doted on by both elders of the household. If he wanted a place in the family, he could only rely on her.\
He needed her affection.\
From the way she handled things, it was clear\'97she was just an arrogant young lady, too proud to play mind games. She was straightforward, which made her easy to win over. If she came tonight, then he would have his answer.\
The cold seeped into his bones, bringing back memories of winter nights with his mother. Their thin blankets had never been enough to keep him warm, but he had never complained, not wanting to burden her further. He had simply curled up tightly under the covers, enduring the cold in silence.\
Every minute stretched unbearably long. It had been an hour since he sent the message. No reply. No sound from outside. Had he miscalculated?\
A wave of frustration and resentment welled up. 
\f3\i Why isn\'92t she coming?
\f2\i0  Even if he was just a dog, after all these days of devoted service, she should at least have a sliver of sympathy for him!\
Just as his exhaustion began to take over, just as his eyelids drooped, he heard footsteps approaching.\
Then, the stall door swung open, and a beam of light cut through the darkness, shining directly into his eyes.\
Lan Shengzhe blinked and looked up at the girl standing outside, arms crossed, staring down at him with an expressionless face.\

\f3\i "Useless."
\f2\i0 \
She didn\'92t hold back. But hearing those words, a rush of joy surged in his chest.\
He hadn\'92t miscalculated. She came.\
His fever-weakened limbs trembled as he wrapped himself in a large towel, watching as An Cui berated the school principal for the security staff\'92s negligence. The principal nodded repeatedly in embarrassment, while the guards hung their heads in shame.\

\f3\i So imposing\'97like a queen.
\f2\i0 \
Like a baby emperor penguin following its mother, he wobbled after her. Suddenly, something black was tossed his way. He fumbled but barely caught it.\
A helmet.\

\f3\i "Put it on. Get on the bike."
\f2\i0 \
An Cui was already astride the motorcycle.\
Lan Shengzhe murmured an 
\f3\i "Oh,"
\f2\i0  slipped on the helmet, and climbed onto the back seat.\
The black motorcycle roared to life, speeding down the road. Wind and engine growls filled his ears. He tried to keep some distance, gripping the seat instead of her waist, but the downward slope of the seat betrayed him, and he kept sliding closer.\
Then, the bike swerved sharply. He nearly flew off, a passing truck grazing his helmet, sending a jolt of fear through him.\

\f3\i "If you don\'92t want to die, hold on tight. Don\'92t cause trouble."
\f2\i0 \
Stiffly, hesitantly, he reached out\'97wrapping his arms around her waist.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}